I have a total of more than 200 yuan
I'll give you enough to pay for your clothes.
Dad can't give him the lottery ticket.
Why are you still begging?
Manager Li, don't go too far
Also towards you, what are you doing?
I'll tell you what.
This dress is worth 500,000
Can you afford it?
500,000 don't talk like a lion
lion's mouth
You haven't seen the world of dog things
This is a French haute couture
French haute couture, you know?
You can't buy it with money
Ye Shao
What does he know about haute couture?
Don't bother with him
Why don't we call the police?
When the police took him to jail
This daughter just happens to have custody, right?
beat to death
What am I afraid of?
You trash
You dare to play in front of the old lady
I'll call the police now.
Hey, what's the hurry?
Lao Tzu is very merciful today and gives you two options.
Either you kneel down and kowtow to me and apologize
or
Take your daughter
drop